Using latest dashboard layout (#10632)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/guide/logs-monitors-on-volumes.md

**Reminder**: The metrics used in this dashboard are estimates and might differ from official billing numbers.

> To import this dashboard, copy the [estimated usage dashboard JSON definition][6] and past it in a new Dashboard. Alternatively use the `Import Dashboard JSON` option in the cog menu in the upper right corner of a new dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import this dashboard, copy the [estimated usage dashboard JSON definition][6] and paste it as a new Dashboard. Alternatively use the `Import Dashboard JSON` option in the settings cog menu in the upper right corner of a new dashboard.
```
